Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle of Sarah 9am
Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle.
Michelle Lucero: Hey, can you hear me.
Michelle Lucero: Uh huh. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you let me know what what's kind of getting a little chaotic over there. Your life.
Michelle Lucero: Um, I have no idea. I'm just super tired all the time. I can't wake up my alarm goes off and
Michelle Lucero: I just don't want to get up I wait literally till the last minute, and I've been doing this for the past couple of weeks to where I'm like barely getting into work at the right time and barely doing things I have to do.
Michelle Lucero: Hmm, at the right time. I just, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't sound anything like what what was happening before you were feeling optimistic. There was a real turn a positive turn that was happening, what's what's going on at work, how have dynamics changed. Maybe were just tell me how maybe it's changed.
Michelle Lucero: There's a lot of drama going on at work. It has nothing to do with me. But of course, I hear all day long.
Michelle Lucero: And I just keep to myself and don't like if they start telling me about drama about other people. I'll just walk away, or just pretend night in the room. I just don't want to get caught up in the drama.
Michelle Lucero: And even my managers, like, oh yeah, there's a lot of drama going on here, just
Michelle Lucero: Tell them. It's none of your business. Literally. So that's what I've been doing
Michelle Lucero: I'm trying to
Michelle Lucero: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that that is basically affecting whether you want to go in or not.
Michelle Lucero: Maybe I mean it doesn't bother me because it doesn't have to do with me. The people that have been here forever, but
Michelle Lucero: Like during the day. I love being here because my day goes by so fast and my mind is
Michelle Lucero: At work, and I don't have time to think about other stresses like Anthony or
Michelle Lucero: Dealing with any of that family drama.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last, last week was like
Gwenevere Abriel: A mess like we didn't see you something about a P. O. I'm staying overnight over here like it got this one.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I had a horrible week
Michelle Lucero: I didn't have meds and then Thursday night Thursday was my worst day I was off Thursday and Friday, and I knew I got paid Friday. That was just sitting at top of my mind.
Michelle Lucero: And tell me, and called me. She switched her schedule. So now she worked 5225 in the morning to two in the afternoon. So she had called me like it too, and I had been sleeping all day and she called me and she's like, Oh, let's go pick up the kids because our kids go to the same school
Michelle Lucero: And I told her I don't feel like going anywhere. Doing anything. And she just said, okay, but then she showed up at the house.
Michelle Lucero: And she was like, and in the shower, get ready, let's go. You're not gonna sit at home all day, you're not feeling good and I don't want you here just feeling depressed by yourself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's back up though. So this Monday was the 10th, but it all started falling apart like last Monday, like the third right
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what, why, Miss group and why Miss individual therapy and
Gwenevere Abriel: You were communicating with me. BUT THEN YOU WEREN'T YOU WEREN'T sticking with the plan what happened.
Michelle Lucero: No, I just, I'm tired. Okay.
Michelle Lucero: I've, I've felt this tired before but it's like I could just leave for ever. I go home like last night I work till 830 I went home. I didn't even eat. I went straight to sleep like I'm just exhausted. I feel so tired all the time.
Michelle Lucero: No matter and I got good sleep last night I went to sleep at like nine and a bit six this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Michelle Lucero: I just feel so tired like I didn't even get in the shower, I woke up at six. I didn't get in the shower till eight like just last minute.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know. I'm usually excited to get up and get ready and put on makeup into my hair and
Michelle Lucero: I just don't even feel that
Michelle Lucero: I at least shower today. I haven't showered for the past two days. I just know my hair up in a ponytail and wash my face and
Michelle Lucero: Go to work.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're you're saying don't think it's connected to what's going on at work. You don't think it's there.
Michelle Lucero: I mean, I don't think so, because it even happens on my days off when I'm not at work.
Okay.
Well I don't either.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no change in medication.
Michelle Lucero: No.
Michelle Lucero: I haven't been needing anything to fall asleep. Like I fall asleep, without the game planning right
Gwenevere Abriel: And the dynamics between you and Anthony
Michelle Lucero: It's still the same. I mean, we don't want
Michelle Lucero: We don't buy as much now that I'm working. I noticed, but I'm not around or him to fight with. And while I'm at work.
Michelle Lucero: He's at work. So we don't really talk during the day, unless like it's almost three, and he has to
Michelle Lucero: Or I call him this if he's going to be home when is Devon gets there or
Michelle Lucero: That's the only time we really talked, and then when I get home. I just go straight to my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we were due for a review of your goals. I think this might help us kind of see
Gwenevere Abriel: Where areas that we need to keep focusing on
Gwenevere Abriel: We discussed in January life satisfaction, you were saying that day you were at about a six from zero to 10 you had gone to an interview. I was so uncomfortable didn't let other people ruin my interview I did my best.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was nervous and you've been proud of yourself and you were concerned about a rejection due to a background check.
You've got
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to this particular goal feel fulfilled.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a written three times with different objectives, one of them as journaling once a day are you journaling at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of them is identify areas of pleasurable activities that you think will bring more satisfaction. So did you think that this job was going to make you happy.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: I think I thought it was gonna make my life easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you saving money.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I still have money saved.
Michelle Lucero: Up it
Michelle Lucero: Really I had 125 saved and I just saved on hundred more. But I don't have money. So I might put more back into VC.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you said on that card, you have to 25
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Is is is the reason that you're keeping some of it out because you have an open door to possibly getting pills. Now what you're doing.
Michelle Lucero: It's for like cigarettes and gas and Red Bulls and lunch and coffee just stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much is it How much is left out.
Michelle Lucero: Now I have about I think it's like under 100 it's like 90 something
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you concerned, having not around right now. Does it seem like this is a vulnerable time for you.
Michelle Lucero: Know, I don't have like cash. It's in my card.
Michelle Lucero: But no, I don't feel. I haven't felt like I want to escape. Like I had
Michelle Lucero: On Thursday, I really did feel like that and just being around Tommy like totally made me forget
Michelle Lucero: And she totally helped me Friday. But I mean this past week. I know it's only Wednesday, but I haven't felt
Michelle Lucero: Like using or
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything but you did as recent as last Thursday. That's pretty recent.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I didn't feel like using anything other than the box. Then, but I knew if I couldn't find the box them with the next would be, but
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so some of the pieces are coming to me, it's hard for you to remember. Everybody's story, but it was, Oh, I'm not going to make it at seven in the morning last Tuesday I have to go to my PO
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm like, Okay, what will I get I'm gonna see you the next day on on Wednesday, and then you weren't there for that either. And then you see what I'm saying, like, it was starting to crumble really early.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and, and there was no kind of communication about why and I got very concerned that you were disappearing into the woodwork here and doing what you do, which is he started to withdraw. We don't hear from you for a while and then you've got a good excuse to just look
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, but I mean I kept in contact with you.
Michelle Lucero: I wasn't trying to like just not
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened.
Going
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened to, oh, I'm gonna go at seven instead of going to grow. What happened last Tuesday morning. Were you sleeping, is that the reality of it.
Michelle Lucero: I wasn't sleeping. I was at home just not doing anything.
Michelle Lucero: just tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you said out loud was, I'm going to go to the lab at seven. But do you know that right
Michelle Lucero: That was my. That was my whole intention. That was my intention. I just didn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but notice how oh well Thursday. Well, hey, I didn't have my medicine you set yourself up. You're setting it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: We gotta take really close attention to this. I'm tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it may seem like, Oh, well, everybody gets tired, but they're everything else is seems to be connected to it you, in a sense, made a promise to your program.
Gwenevere Abriel: And didn't keep it now, you're out of medication, there's a disconnect with getting support. Now you don't have saying like, it's all connected to this if we can't get
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I think I'm just feeling this way because I keep letting myself down and not only myself. Other people
Michelle Lucero: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: starting Tuesday. We're starting before that. How are you letting people down. I'm not seeing it.
Michelle Lucero: Just not keeping my word not doing what I know I'm supposed to be doing, and just
Michelle Lucero: being lazy. That's what it comes down to. I mean, yeah, I'm tired, but I could push myself to do things, and I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me all the medication you're on. I already know this, Fox on, but what else
Michelle Lucero: Just quantity, nothing.
Michelle Lucero: But I haven't even been taking notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and and not the not the Wellbutrin
Michelle Lucero: I haven't gotten a prescription for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm curious, are you wanted the people that's like, yes, I do want to cut back on the smoking.
Michelle Lucero: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that it's an anti depressant. That will be your turn.
Michelle Lucero: I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could you do it two things.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: You know what I mean. I don't know if I don't think I got in a prescription for it. I mean, Walgreens hasn't said anything.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know. So pay for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I would think so.
Michelle Lucero: I don't think so. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you tell her. Hey, I want I want a prescription because she would have heard that around the smoking cessation.
Michelle Lucero: Did you told me she asked me, and I told her yes but she never mentioned anything about the prescription
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and just this week.
Michelle Lucero: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I had heard, and I know this from years of listening to clients that the, the, it sounds a lot like buprenorphine. It's Bupropion sounds almost exactly the same but it's will be a trend is the brand name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, I've been hearing really good things about it for people, they're like, well, I, I was smoking a whole pack and now I only smoked, you know, 10 cigarettes nine
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm concerned about that sleep because you know it's one thing to say lazy, but my guess is there is
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you do you get excited about about stuff you'd like to do the makeup. You like to get ready and go in. But if it's just going to be a bunch of gossip and you all you have to do is hide. I don't see that that's very rewarding.
That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't ever get to be Michelle and what here we are again, we're at this point where, where does Michelle get to express yourself how fulfilling is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody wants to look forward to those kind of days. Yeah. If you are coming to me and saying, oh, this is just temporary I want to, you know, I want to gather you know a couple, couple thousand dollars in savings and then I'm going to go do school
Gwenevere Abriel: That could be exciting. Again, if you put that back on the horizon that could be kind of like this is temporary for you could kind of get your mind wrapped around that if you wanted to. But maybe you're not in that mindset. What, what goes on when you lay in bed.
Michelle Lucero: Oh god, everything goes my head when he lay in bed, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear how how how cookie. It gets
Michelle Lucero: I think about a lot about paying bills to keep Anthony quiet but he doesn't have a reason to bitch. I even helped him pay the rent and our deal was
Michelle Lucero: He was going to pay the rent and I pay all built. Okay. I mean, the rents more than all bills put together because now, none of us are ever home all day. So our bills are really low.
Michelle Lucero: So I was like, Yeah, that's a great deal, because I don't have to be as mentioned, he does, but yet he makes a lot more money than I do. So I'm I've been worrying about bills. I've been thinking about
Michelle Lucero: I don't know how to put it like
Michelle Lucero: In my head. It's like a fantasy of my goodness on those. But I think a lot about when I'm not home like when I get my own place. And I think a lot about that. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is that crazy. That sounds actually exciting. That's not a fun thought
Michelle Lucero: I mean, maybe it is, I love thinking about it and like thinking
Michelle Lucero: Oh, I can go to savers in goodwill and by these really cute furniture and definitely the walls and like
Michelle Lucero: I just, I don't like thinking about being there is the only thing
Gwenevere Abriel: Being at the house with Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you see that it's all connected. When you get your tissue out of bed when you do your makeup when you take your shower when you get into work. That means that you show up on time. On Tuesday, then you get your medication, then it doesn't get thrown off.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all connected and why that's that's that's the carrot in front of you. You could have your own place. You can look at working at Goodwill, where people aren't is playful is maybe they used to be in. It used to be a pleasant thing it's temporary
Gwenevere Abriel: Some jobs are temporary there just to get an income going
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you go to the next place.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that you're thinking about how cute you make the apartment and how how comfortable. Remember how comfortable. It's going to be for you and Stefan right being able to get up and eat walk play just do whatever you want to do. That's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're doing a really big piece of that you weren't doing this before you didn't have a job and thank goodness for this probation, because I think that's what pushed you
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, totally done
Michelle Lucero: So I don't know if I told you, but my boss Ernie and my probation officer our best friend, literally.
Michelle Lucero: They used to be seals together at the county jail.
Michelle Lucero: And I didn't know that. But my boss asked me on Wednesday. Who's your probation officer and I told him audio and he's told me, tell him I'm your boss.
Michelle Lucero: So I went in Friday and told him or nice sterile told me to tell you he's my manager. And he was like, Oh really, and like they were they both told me stories but
Michelle Lucero: My heels been coming in my probation officer has been man like every day.
Michelle Lucero: To have lunch with my boss and so uncomfortable.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know what that had to do with anything. I just wanted to tell you that it's
Michelle Lucero: How small, the world is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is small boys at the truth and your and you said it's uncomfortable.
It's so uncomfortable.
Michelle Lucero: Oh my god.
Michelle Lucero: I mean, he doesn't bother me. He'll talk to me and say hi, how's your day or he doesn't do anything like a probation officer. He, he just act like a normal person, but it's still so nerve wracking when he's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as I'm talking about this job is temporary.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's you're getting RIGHT YOU'RE REBUILDING THIS resume YOU'RE REBUILDING, you know, sort of your credit
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that seems like that's not true.
Michelle Lucero: No way. I feel it is true because I I don't see myself here a long, long time. Like, I don't like
Michelle Lucero: Having to find a job. So I'll stay with the same job for years and years and years. I'm not one of those people that like work for three months and then find another job, but I do see myself staying here until I at least pay restitution.
Michelle Lucero: And then that way.
Michelle Lucero: I have that conditional discharge to where if I paid restitution in 18 months that the charges were going to be
Michelle Lucero: I can't remember the word
Michelle Lucero: The charges were going to be not there.
Michelle Lucero: In other words, anyway. We talked about that on Friday, me and my probation officer any called the DA because we still haven't gotten the jns that shows how much restitution.
Michelle Lucero: I have to pay because everything I've paid so far, which is like a lot of money every month, whether I was working or not. I was still taking them over $100 because Anthony or my dad or my sister were helping me
Michelle Lucero: And
Michelle Lucero: I mean, none of that money's gone towards restitution, which makes me really mad because that's why I was giving them so much money, but it's all going towards my probation costs because they don't have a restitution amount
Michelle Lucero: That really bothers me. And he got up my probation officer called the DA in front of me writing instead of like
Michelle Lucero: We need her Jay and as because she needs to start paying restitution. She just started working and she needs to have it done in 18 months and with you guys not doing this. She's not able to all her money is going straight to probation costs.
Michelle Lucero: So the lady told him call me back next week and we'll see because they still don't have it.
Michelle Lucero: They didn't have it for court on the last day, I went to court. They didn't have an amount and all. She told Mario was
Michelle Lucero: They have to see what the insurance paid out because I'm going to have to pay the insurance that
Michelle Lucero: That's really bothering me too. I don't know if that's deterring me just, I feel like when I found out that all the money I've given him already which is over $800 has all gone to probation class I was mad.
Michelle Lucero: Because, I mean, the whole reason I was giving them so much money was for the restitution.
Michelle Lucero: And now, none of us even gone towards it, not one penny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, probation has a cost. So it's not going nowhere you
Michelle Lucero: Know that is true. I mean, it would be I in my head what I thought because probation once a month is $35 so I thought $35 of whatever I would give him that month would go towards probation and the rest of the goal towards the restitution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Receipts you know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but clearly this P I was taking action on it sounds like they're they're trying to work it out.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, he's he's been a lot cooler now than he was in the beginning, I mean obviously through me and Joe, but he um
Michelle Lucero: He's pushing for me to get my own place. And he's like,
Michelle Lucero: He knows, Anthony. He used to be Anthony's probation officer. I don't know if I told you that
Michelle Lucero: He, um, he's like, are you still at Anthony's and what are you doing there. He knows that Anthony's
Michelle Lucero: No good for me.
Michelle Lucero: He's like, Have you looked into getting you don't plays. Can you get into housing.
Michelle Lucero: Like he's always asking me those things. He doesn't like me, being that Anthony is and he
Michelle Lucero: But I have. I mean, I can't say I have no choice, because I do. I could go to my dad, but it wouldn't make any difference. I'd still be miserable there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just keep saving your money. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I told him, like I'm saving money. I do plan on getting my own place just me and my kid. Well not Kayla because she's moving. She's gonna be moving to Texas know that she grabbed graduates in June.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Texas dad or something, I don't know why.
Michelle Lucero: I don't honestly, I have no idea. I think the college who wants to go to other
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would prefer that you're out of the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's you said, oh, yeah, you don't know your schedule yet. Maybe you do for 13 and whoops. That's this week for
Gwenevere Abriel: One. First, you know,
Michelle Lucero: Let me log. I'm just gonna go in and look at my schedule. I have the app on my phone.
Michelle Lucero: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think it would be working out. If you know
Gwenevere Abriel: These are good for sort of a casual kind of update but it'd be nice to have you home.
Michelle Lucero: For the
Gwenevere Abriel: Week of 17 through 21
Michelle Lucero: No, it's not on there yet. I could go in and ask them, I think they have a paper copy but it's not on this app yet.
Michelle Lucero: Oh my god. Did I lose you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know I'm here. Yeah. Yeah, it'd be good to know the soonest you can tell me so that I can put it in here for next week on a day that you have off.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: That would be better for me because I hate being late.
Michelle Lucero: And then like notice when I do that when I run Lee, it messes up my whole day.
Michelle Lucero: And it's all my fault. I mean, I can't blame anybody. I was up, it's, it's, I could have gotten ready right away. I just kept making excuses in my head.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: My, my guess is it's just right now you have kind of a negative work environment. There's a negative home environment, there's, you know, you have this dread about all this money that you've spent
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got a lot of context, just have some self compassion go in, you got a few minutes go in. Now go look at that you can plug, you know, check in, go look at the schedule text me what it is. And we'll set something up for next week.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna I'm gonna wait for that.
Michelle Lucero: OK, I will go in right now and do that.
Michelle Lucero: All right.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Michelle Lucero: Bye bye.
Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: stuff going on.
Elizabeth Sandoval: engineering officer.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think the nauseous from
Elizabeth Sandoval: Maybe from tapering maybe, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if it's something else.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have been taking six and a half for two days.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, probably. Yeah. Since Monday.
Yeah.
Right.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I was taking it. The week before that I started with the six he wanted me to do six and then like I tried it for a few days and then, you know, I was like, well, this is kind of too much. So then we I asked you about the 6.5
Elizabeth Sandoval: So I felt I felt better than I did with the six we're having like a little bit of sweats and stuff are at night. I've been like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Kind of sticking to this.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay. So, but, I mean, I, you know, there's other things like my brother. I've been spending a lot of time with him, he's you know he's he's doing good, but he's not doing good, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get a note open here.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yes, like some stress related things to maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so. It's oftentimes it registers in the
Gwenevere Abriel: In the stuff
Gwenevere Abriel: We've seen this with you.
Elizabeth Sandoval: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Seems to be a real communicator.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say he's doing well. But he's not. Can you go into that a little more
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well he's he's on hospice at home because nurses come to see him, he's just not he he hasn't been very like, you know, my brothers always gets up gets ready, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Lately, he just, you know, and I expected to be sleeping more sluggish.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just see that it's his health is declining, which I'm realizing that
Elizabeth Sandoval: Right so 13
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess my question has to do with if it's starting to bring up other memories, if it's already starting to look at what if what if it declines rapidly, you know, is what the fear is
You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, because he's he's he's losing more weight you know yesterday. He looks really like pale and, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: So yeah, so just the fear of him you know itself.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean, I know people die.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And brother.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Is just a little over six years older than me.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Robert, you things
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you don't give yourself permission to talk much about that much like just feel a little bit about what's coming up around this. I know you don't do with probably not doing it with your
Kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hear yourself sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to get into some of those concerns.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or worries.
Elizabeth Sandoval: No more.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Slow
Elizabeth Sandoval: And then, you know, I worry about is scared.
Elizabeth Sandoval: They're older and they're my niece's about my nephew's like 25 but
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't think his son will be so good. You don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: Your son will
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know my his son just offer this like gotta let anger in him and stuff so
Elizabeth Sandoval: I worry about him. Like if something happens to my brother and my nephew is really gonna take a really hard, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: My parents. My mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you think your mom's gonna take it.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean she she she you know accepts like that he's been sick for a while, you know, but I don't think anybody really except
Gwenevere Abriel: Their own child.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I couldn't imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: You tend to be the one that takes care of people in this in this family system of yours.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I think I'm going to end up like taking care of everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's that going to impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: On your resolve in your recovery.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Center. You know, I know, it might be too hard, but I have to be strong.
Elizabeth Sandoval: A lot of people might count on me for
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, give me more more of a push to keep continuing my
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: My paper. And all this is, I would never want to go back
Elizabeth Sandoval: To any of that other stuff, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I feel like a lot of my brother. He was real bad on you know offseason I told you about this before. Before you been bought six oh my back. So like maybe that had a lot to contribute to him being sick, you know, slows down everything in your body.
Elizabeth Sandoval: He had colon cancer for
Elizabeth Sandoval: But yeah, I think about that, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: So it makes me not even want to
Elizabeth Sandoval: mess around with anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is this done with your plans. You were setting in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to the gym checking out a yoga class you were moving forward, what has happened now that climb in your brother's health, health
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um, I have to put that put that aside, you know, but I still like every morning when I do get up. I usually stretch and I do some, you know, some exercises. I'm not saying I exercise for hours, but I take 20 minutes beliefs.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And that helps
Elizabeth Sandoval: Even if I don't get to go physically to class know
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or I'll pray like every morning I always watched all Steve. That's how I start my day. Also in the morning.
Elizabeth Sandoval: What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel support and strength. What are you hearing
Elizabeth Sandoval: That one more time. You kind of cut out
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you hearing recently that feels like support and strength. What do you, what are you hearing from Joel, Steve, what do you hear him.
Feel support on
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just to have faith.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, if you have faith, then things kind of take care of themselves.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, I've noticed since I've become closer to God that
Elizabeth Sandoval: I feel better inside also
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, spiritually, like I have more strengthen it's been for so many things like and I think God like is I feel like he's been there, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um, but yeah, just, you know, to basically have faith, not to give up.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Keep on keep on track.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Keep your children and family close to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do during the day. What are you wearing all those hours.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well, like I like to school. I come home.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean, I have a pretty big house so
Elizabeth Sandoval: She can so
Elizabeth Sandoval: Then I usually after I do that I've been going to my brother's to spend a few hours with him, maybe to like his girlfriend or wife gets home or my closes like will come, you know, kind of, so he's not alone. You know what I mean.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or his, his girlfriend will get there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So yeah, we've just been kind of, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: taking turns spending time with him, watching him.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So yeah, that's what I've been doing this last week.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And the week before then spending a lot of time with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about your kids. I don't think they would handle if she ends up
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know there, there'd be
Elizabeth Sandoval: No heart.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Will be so sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And today, they know that he's very sick.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: In person.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: We, we went to see him like all me and the kids went to see him last night I seen him in the morning and then last night. He says, I want to see the kids. So after they got out of school. I took them over there and we ate some pizza and hung out and watch some TV send out with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, what, what's your, what's your biggest concern about what's going on.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had asked you if the biggest piece was
Gwenevere Abriel: To take care of everybody and
I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: that worries me.
Gwenevere Abriel: More time together as well.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Good. My mom. Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You and your mom kinda she's, she's been a little distant to
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know her my brother. He just
Elizabeth Sandoval: He's, he's been angry with her for, I don't know why, for a long time.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I don't
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like he acts like my parents were never there for us, like we had like wonderful parents
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: And then I mean
Elizabeth Sandoval: So they
Elizabeth Sandoval: Buy and
Let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just come play
Elizabeth Sandoval: Oh, maybe like that he she left him when he was young, which is not true him and see me and my mom when when my brother was a teenager he was racing how
Elizabeth Sandoval: Raising how so it put a lot of strain on my mom and dad's marriage.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, and so me and my mom ended up getting our own little apartment like. And my grandma was older. So my mom always like trying to care of my grandma, you
Elizabeth Sandoval: So we kind of move next to her and then just the situation. We just needed to get away from that situation. I guess my mom felt at the time.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Because and my, my dad stayed with my brother.
Elizabeth Sandoval: My house, you know, at our house. Hey, mama got the herbal apartment. So I think he always feels like maybe he she just like left him or something.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like he likes always those on his face.
Elizabeth Sandoval: He was she wasn't there for him younger
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like going through stuff and but a lot of the stuff he was doing, you know, he's making bad choices hanging out with the wrong crowd and
Elizabeth Sandoval: getting into trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: Apparently, when a kid is hanging out with the wrong crowd and getting in trouble.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well obviously they they worry and will say, hey, look, you're making the wrong decisions and, you know, try to correct them.
Elizabeth Sandoval: How did you show me get them on the right path.
How did she tried
Elizabeth Sandoval: She would
Elizabeth Sandoval: Tell talk
Elizabeth Sandoval: Is kind of disrespectful.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Said it put a lot of strain on my woman is married with white about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: all she did was just talk to them. Is that enough to get a teenager.
To stop probably
Gwenevere Abriel: What did your dad do to try to get them to stop.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just supported and stayed with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that kind of where this complaint is
Elizabeth Sandoval: You
Elizabeth Sandoval: Go, I went I went on.
Elizabeth Sandoval: With my friends like why they did it.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I think it is just that he was
Elizabeth Sandoval: So out of control and kind of like she had enough of it.
Elizabeth Sandoval: They would come in like break our windows and shoot at our house and like crazy things like that.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So it's pretty scary.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like you like you had a lot of enemies and stuff.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So my mom was like, worried for me, you know, like this is not safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about the home environment that it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Up until the shooting in the broken windows that it was acceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: in that neighborhood for some neighborhoods. That's the norm.
Sometimes, yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, well, you know, like I guess we lived in the neighborhood so long, like all the people around us, us, but it was like people from other neighborhoods coming around, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: From like other games, you know, because we lived in like this. Well, it's called Ball Park neighborhood.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And you know they had at that time, you know, they had like the softball fair crews like different neighborhoods, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: But yeah, the song. Hello boys were after him and they just disliked him my brother had a nice car good looking guy like there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If your son was doing the same thing. What would you do
Elizabeth Sandoval: To
Elizabeth Sandoval: Take them to like
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know what to do.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I was just
Elizabeth Sandoval: Drives me bananas, sometimes you know when you try to take off and go out
Elizabeth Sandoval: I'm like, no, not going, I don't care if you want to do these things. You gotta get your own place.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder if that for a lot of people. That's called the tough love part where you
Gwenevere Abriel: Win consequence and you pull away privilege privilege of a car insurance, a place to live. And I wonder if that was missing. If that's what maybe your brother was although we don't know it when we're young.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's what help might have felt like for him. Maybe that's his complaint.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: Parents know what to do.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And they just divided, you know, which is not good. They should have
Elizabeth Sandoval: Came together, but it just like divided them.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, my brother, me and my mom says my brother.
Elizabeth Sandoval: taking forever. I mean, we didn't live far from my mom, my brother, my dad, but probably a few
Elizabeth Sandoval: Blocks of the most you know
Elizabeth Sandoval: What she needed. I just thought systems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you know don't see your brothers perspective and you only see your mother's perspective or can you see both
Elizabeth Sandoval: I can see both
Elizabeth Sandoval: I can see both for him. You know, I would know how I would think, like, you know, maybe my brother deadness something obviously if it's hurting them to this day.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, but you know that they my, my mom and my brother don't know how to communicate with each other and it always turns into a bad thing and things left unsaid. You know,
So,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I think we need to fix that.
Either one of you might
Gwenevere Abriel: Want
Gwenevere Abriel: To they want to fix it.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean i i think my brother. He kind of shy away my know my mom gets sad because she doesn't understand why he's so distant, you know, but I think they need to spend that time and talk about it, you know.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I think he would help. I mean both
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you let me know if there's anything I can do if it sounds, what would be useful as having me there. I'm happy to facilitate that conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe your mom feels safe enough to listen to what her son has to say. So she doesn't end up being stuck with never having been me. Sorry, or I did the best I could, or
Gwenevere Abriel: And and maybe your brother being able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: You did the best she could so that your mother can forgive herself and let go because if there's this stuff and he passes away, I just wonder how much damage that's going to be
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yes. Yeah, I went up to
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, for her. And I always tell you
Elizabeth Sandoval: How much you need to say because you don't want them, you know, what if something happens and you have that insight and you never get to see or even, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your dad handling this
Elizabeth Sandoval: He's, he's not handling it well like him and my brother is like my brother can be pretty neat thing.
Elizabeth Sandoval: To my dad and my dad is like the kind of guy that I won't put up with like, you know, things like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just like disrespectful, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: My dad says like trying to help. But I think you don't feel good. So he pays it out like that sometimes
Elizabeth Sandoval: I know
Elizabeth Sandoval: My dad's really sad and then really sad because we haven't had the best relationship either
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, we've gotten a few arguments also lately so
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not too good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I guess my, my concern is that both of them are going to end up somehow blaming themselves if they don't resolve this all he's alive.
Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Super to talk with them. Maybe we can do something that would be really helpful to have that
Elizabeth Sandoval: Brown.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it you know the way to sort of facilitate that he
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you, brother. I could be on zoom. I can meet him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can sort of view it as a family therapy intervention.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, because my guess is what's going on with you right now with the gut with what's going on. My guess is that has a lot to do with it. So from my perspective, I like working with families.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy to happy to help.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it means that you guys can come together more
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this that that's going to feel like love that's going to feel like support and that
Gwenevere Abriel: Something happens. You guys are together coming together around this and not mad at each other and not have that be the last.
Gwenevere Abriel: Story you your because he just
Gwenevere Abriel: He's he doesn't sound like he knows how to say what I said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I needed tough love. I needed you to kick my ass and maybe stay home and get me out of town, get me over to another state or change my
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know any better. You know, he
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't maybe have the ability to say that all you can say is you left me.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so he's angry and that's that's a child's solution is is anger, because we don't know how to articulate those deeper sad.
And abandoned feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no one's wrong. No one's bad, it's just everybody who's doing the best they could, but there's a there's a real crisis going on right now.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You need
Some help
Gwenevere Abriel: So consider it. Okay.
Well,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I'll talk to my brother today.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, you know, talk to my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may say, hey,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Will be open.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, hey, look, maybe you won't like talking to one of your maybe you will, but it would be a place for you to start. She might help you kind of Organize, organize your, your thoughts around your feelings about your mom help you organize your thoughts and feelings around dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just talk to her. Just, just see what you think of her you know like looking at it like that. And then I hear you don't have to know everything. It's just getting him comfortable enough to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Move on some of your goals. Um, one thing you had said is I want to clean my closet out. Have you been procrastinating on that or did you actually get to it.
Elizabeth Sandoval: No.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You want
Gwenevere Abriel: To do it well you set yourself a goal of the 23rd, or I said it, it isn't there yet. You got a little bit of
Time.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how would it feel to have that closet organized, something that you can sort of you can organize the whole family. We can't get that all out. But you could have this organized closet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see what you had written in here. Maybe small tasks to get rid of the box of papers. Did you even go over and work on that box to pay for. Hey,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Papers or did, yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I did. I did. I put them in Florida, the garbage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have made.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I've done that.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I've done a few things that haven't worked on my closet right like like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like everything and there's
Elizabeth Sandoval: My boyfriend, he decided to post
Elizabeth Sandoval: Office in here. And then I was
Elizabeth Sandoval: Then finish and I'm like you to start a closet.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, I'm here, right at least
Gwenevere Abriel: Your microphone is a little muffled is something about boyfriend doing something about a bat cave something
Oh, yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I think
I'm done.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay, no, he, he decided one day he is. He's like, I'm gonna make a little button here. I'm going to put like a little Dallas on my side and blah, blah, blah. This will be like my little spot and
Elizabeth Sandoval: He didn't do nothing but he destroyed his side of the climate and so on, all the show all the things for now it's like, I mean, I still have like your own but
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not on my side.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: He wants a desk in the closet.
Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like is a little
Elizabeth Sandoval: Bit closer than
This
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, let's see. I want more time for myself just pay attention. Elizabeth that you're where you're pulling back is time for yourself, is that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're spending more time with with family and you're not doing the self care.
Gwenevere Abriel: That has a big impact for a lot of people when they start pulling back on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be mindful that it's as you're adding more stress right with what's going on with your family and your brother. It doesn't mean you stop taking care of yourself and doing the things that you set. Okay, it's not being selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be really careful that you don't cut yourself off from doing things that feel good.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I went to do my nails and I did my hair.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Thank you. Yeah. So I mean, I still like to build things for myself, but
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, as far as like maybe taking time for just sit or read or be like yogurt, like you said, you need to do.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to go back to school last thing we said January 22 I can look into online classes was Amanda for of the truth of I'm I'm capable. Okay. You read about a four.
Gwenevere Abriel: And because of time and transportation online might be easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard for me to make decisions. I want to get better at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm capable check and see how true that is for you today.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not 30 people
Elizabeth Sandoval: I know I am capable of, like, doing things but like right now it's just like this so much going on.
Elizabeth Sandoval: eating something right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can go on line.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could look online, do you really you've got yourself convince you don't have time to look online, or is that
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well, no, no. I totally do. But
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't rush
Gwenevere Abriel: To find figure out why.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kept you from going and looking
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just
Elizabeth Sandoval: Do something here going somewhere. Take care of my kids you know i mean it's it's it's something that I just need to do know, and look into and I need to stop putting it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I hope you hear that this isn't I'm only saying it's sort of very clearly, because we have a disconnect on this Tele health
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes we're talking over each other. And this is something you wanted some I'm saying it really sort of nice and sharp so that you can hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're making excuses, like you're getting in your own way, maybe because the kids are in school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who cares if the house is messy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to go to school on your list is not, I want to keep a clean house that's going to give me meaning in my life. That's not what's on your list your list is I want to go back to school. And so I'm checking to see if what you're doing is making excuses.
Just checking in.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you are, or is there time to go online and look and see what classes are all there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I probably I'm making excuses and I do have time to look at online.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Movies. Yes, I can do that should have been already so common.
Gwenevere Abriel: For many people, listen, but the reason why they don't do it is because they get a flood of
Gwenevere Abriel: All of the expectations. This self concept. Why haven't I done it already, you get some people get flooded with the past fear about the future and they get overwhelmed and it's easier to not have those experiences and so they don't go and look
Gwenevere Abriel: But my guess is, we're not going to know what it really is, whether it's fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the past or if it's fear about the future, or maybe either one show up if you don't do that behavioral experiment and just go put your little hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the keyboard and find out how you feel, do a little experiment. See how you actually feel. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm flooded with stuff about judgment about the past or fear about the future because it'll inform what we do together. But we don't get to find out because you don't put a little pause on there and look
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to see what the real what the real barrier is
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I think you've got the time
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have a little babies. You don't have tiny tots right now.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a great excuse when they were anybody
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, no, I see what time I really need to start doing something for myself. I think that will give me so much gratification, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: We feel so good right
Gwenevere Abriel: So how about this. Just don't love homework.
Gwenevere Abriel: After class closet, maybe just hang up here you've got 20 minutes that time was already set aside. Go get your hands in there. Go type in
Gwenevere Abriel: What website, you go to
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just online schools.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Schools.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can you go into that come back text me and tell me what you found out
Gwenevere Abriel: Or what you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, as you were doing it. How you body felt were you excited. Were you scared. Maybe that was too confused. Maybe you you had a particular belief or particular thought or particular emotion, but just do that in vivo experiment, go find out. And then let me know just text me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay, so, so, um, are we adore you want me to come back or for do this I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just send me a little message through a text. I think that, you know, you're, you know, my guess is you're going to get into it. I think you once you get snooping around and there
Elizabeth Sandoval: I think you're going to think you like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that time will be will be taken out. Now, I, I am not a prescribing doctor and a not a nurse, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Are some questions that you want to ask Dr. Solomon we you're, you're welcome to also visit a group tomorrow at 11 if you want to. If you want to ask a direct question with a doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't looked group.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's already embedded if you want to talk and you can also attend at 12pm on Friday nights. Dr. Solomon.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay, and then like cuz he brings me to today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll send them a message. Um, what do you want to do. Do you want to wait until Monday.
Elizabeth Sandoval: For group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, or do you want to go earlier and you talked to him earlier. What do you want to do.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So you said Friday at was
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay. And then what did you see the one was on
Gwenevere Abriel: At 1111 tomorrow.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So it wouldn't really matter if I go, or do I have no no. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to write them and tell them kind of what your plan is
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let me ask you, is your stomach feeling better right now.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe it has to do with unloading and letting some of this out, go pay attention to it. How about we get you to Monday to your regular group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go do do these things that are that are good for you as well. Consider right having that conversation with your brother and continue to self care and maybe the gut will feel a little better.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay.
I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, that's, that's what we'll do. We'll just go to regular Monday, cuz I like my Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then for our next appointment. The following week
Let's get that already.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncertainty
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's my mom's birthday on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: This Friday.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah. Bernardo today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, I think what we'll do is we'll schedule it for the following week. How about February 26 at 9am
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's a Wednesday.
Elizabeth Sandoval: At nine that'll be perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to send a message to him now and you're at the 6.5 so in case you forget
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang up with me. Go to the keyboard. See what happens. Send me a little message.
Elizabeth Sandoval: About what it wasn't OK. OK.
Experiment.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay, I'll do that now. Thank you, Graham. Have a good day. Okay.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Bye bye.